Add protocol versioning to the specification (#379)
ethereum/portal-network-specs: portal-wire-protocol.md

Unsupported messages **SHOULD** receive a `TALKRESP` message with an empty payload.

## Protocol Version

> The portal wire protocol is versioned using whole number versins.  The current version is `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The portal wire protocol is versioned using unsigned integers.  The current version is `1`.
```

There was a spelling mistake, but I think this would be a bit more clear then saying `versioned using whole numbered versions` `unsigned integer` just feels a bit more clear, but idk up to you

> Support for protocol versions is signaled through the ENR record under the key `pv`.  The value should be a serialized SSZ object with the schema `List[uint8, limit=8]` whos value are the list of supported protocol versions.

Reviewer 2: The short key 'pv' saves space in the ENR and reduces bandwidth requirements but there is a higher risk that another protocol also using Discv5 may also choose to use the same key. I wonder if we should add an additional prefix to reduce the risk of name clashes?

Reviewer: I don't think this is a problem due to us only looking for portal nodes through a subnetwork, where the peers would only share other portal nodes they could successfully contact.

Reviewer 2: Well it is possible for other Discv5 nodes belonging to other protocols to discover our portal nodes and if there is a naming clash it could cause some minor issues such as them sending additional messages to our nodes. 

Also if we ever want to bootstrap and discover portal nodes from Discv5 then having a more unique key may be beneficial as I've described in my other comment.

> Clients should communicate with each other using the highest mutually supported protocol version.  Exchange of ENR records for negotiating protocol version is done using the base DiscoverV5 protocol.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we should define what happens when the ENR's don't contain the pv key? This will occur when nodes have not yet updated to support this new versioning scheme.
